very good putting together the stage we can stay
welcome back to the channel and here
we are with the tutorial of how
would consider if mega larios galaxies
the legendary saints valley points
delimited etcetera etcetera well before
you have nothing to know that please
you have entered this video thinking about
get those from a method so
say it legal or free should come out of the
life that you need a kind of
card which you have here an unboxing
it's called power save 3ds and it's worth
around 20 euros that are being
$ 25 more or less and with this
card what we are going to be able to do is
modify in our game of pokemon
x pokemon yy many stronger nor all
3ds alright so nothing as I say 6
I was looking for that, what if it was free
go away from the video because you will not be able to
get also you notice that I do not
ask that I give pokemon saint is
because at the moment I can not I can not
give away because getting good nintendo
if I can pokemon continue if I can but
nintendo do not let give as well
say it in pokemon cause as hernias
and belt alice ward saint is because its
is blocked in
in wireless communication mode and
wifi communication so nothing guys
come on let's go with the tutorial what
we must do will be to have the power save
3ds connected to our pc and insert the
cartridge is quite easy inserts the
cartridge obviously has no loss of
more are two cables so nothing we're going
to insert and let's wait for here
where he puts coats load we can go
entering but you have to load all this
if not then it does not work well
will be downloading the contents in
line since you are updating continuous
continuously or be a new code
is updated you just have to do nothing
well here you have for example 2000
selenium scouts that are for example
money from battles etc. and so on
here you have the codes for example
max items that is for example in the slow
tour not having these systems and the
modifiers for example here we can
get the lazio if you are and the law in
yes to see if the digital
atheists and it's worth alright here we have the
for example in the recovery ie
rare protein candies zinc and all
that and here the berries we do not have
valley modifier is to say no
we can get the fence we want
but good in its defect we have stock
what is
well that is to multiply a fence in order
although there are still dozens of clouds
can carry repeated objects here
we can return saints to the pokemon but
we can not catch now I'm going to
explain how this works and so
which we can not catch a pokémon that
will already be assigned we will not force the
looking a little more amish well here
we can remove back from saint and then
the pokemon go for good then we do not
are going to be saint and you are like that for example not
we like a little bit to get the bonsai ni
by mistake we can not go back
jmg is ok here is the for example
to modify us in box 1 the first
hollow the little good that we to put
one day is 1 in days and 15 and here
is what the web of fit that we can
get element of torch and with element
by day so here the powers
so we have all the good
software all and we're going to get you
fill all the softwares and that for
have them so to speak unlimited
you would have to keep putting it here and such
but good and all have all the ovules
and here the alternative ways that by
example those of floyd that we can even
get the act form
ok let's get all the pop-up hours
power for example and this is valid and also
let's get to have her uncle if
you are because I have
negative if it removes you from negatives in the
hollow number one and come let's see each other
also unlimited battle points and
unlimited money because we're not going to give it
apply and let's wait for him to read the
cartridge you have read the safe
bing from the cartridge to the server because
this what I say is not like the action
replay or the previous game arts
there were some codes that modified the
ram memory of the game this what it does
which is the temporary memory once
able the codes went away not this what
what it does is edit the save vale
we put you 6 pm in which you have everything
after that to see it done
express with being see it process is to say
that I put everything you have put
here you download the ceip game for another
time to your game
so you are downloading it now
same in the eliminated ones can be extracted
of the program so for the time being
discards the possibility even of
get a little sense because it has
stayed here blocked but good has
advanced a bit in order should be that the
servers are saturated something because
lately he has bought a lot
people are broken but still
I find it very strange that as
it works that the servers are captured with
I 'm a little lack of respect, because
there is no other way in the end I'm short
and now when it is fixed I come back and good
guys, as you can see, we've already been
that once it is set it will turn us
here to the codhes tab it's worth it so
nothing now we go to our screen
the nintendo 3ds and good guys now
we're halfway through other times so
let's check if everything has worked
how it had to work, are we in
the pokemon center so let's open
our backpack and let's look if
really everything has gone well we go
to look first at the bag for him in the
bag as you see we have 999 visits
but given by recording with this bad
quality but I can not do what
no other way
well here also in bus and candies
weird but it was previously and good
as you see at the moment of the dairy and
you've worked, let's remember what
more we have put
I would swear that we have put
also money so let's go to
check the card inside
and there he puts 9 million 929 thousand 999
few miles does not change them I think I do not
change them so nothing like you see
everything has worked perfectly
everything went well and good for the
that you want to see the legendary haines
although I have not put on you know why
they were already saint and if I do not have more or not
you can eat seen getting the
legendary amish we can go to the bag
and in the bag, sorry for the team and
I'm going to teach you to the
legendary there are my ducks who
want to see how good I do not know is not anymore
well first of all you have here I'm going to
move the camera a little have droughts
eneas is worth there you have shiny hernias
then there's a sale and it's worth it so nothing
guys expected to have recorded it with
this bad quality and I'm sorry but not
I have other means at the moment so
nothing I remind you that you liked the video
please leave me like and in favorites
and supporting because I think I'll be the
first to upload this tutorial so
nothing with the team we would be fine
we see in the next video and until the
next and sorry for the good bye quality